Well then
Tobi Forest 12th day
Shall we go?
Well this time
8 water department store is possible only to eat of rebuilding this time
In this time of 3 Juie this time visit to China air is not able to introduce Well Please note
a in eh soul
Well, I can not introduce the only good- looking good- lucky bucky this time instead
Oh that
this
I would like to introduce the room of my own cat's house
Another Maybe Well mainly at'm just a story this time
There is no ten minutes
Oh, I changed the room to Oita very much.
Well first
8 floor is has changed on the floor of the 2 par Mario to the floor
In the wall I was also forgotten 8 Nante year before I was changed
It guy is was two times of wallpaper before before that twice
This of the closet and oysters that once in the time being can be 8 mushroom in order to get a sense of the season
Hanger and lamp of this mushroom
Permission
Well Toka mushroom table
Precious Well why of mud that I tried to fill deflation Dechotto
Machida warp mushroom also
Nde, such as labor will turn is speaking that of Pocky
This is about the floor of Super Mario
I'd this wham not even to the second floor It Is Well still do Yamada remodeling in net incidentally 8
The second floor is a study
I'm not going far at all remains by another image
Well I What place where the future Well much large guys
Yes
I'm only this
Whether to remodel
Stop
Well
Still Nde I think a little too fast Well I Well still to finish the
A bit of a compatible curve
Cub or min
Feather
Just that
Well 5pm and 6pm
Was also cheap price of 61 yen per share 61 yen I'd seen the stock price, but Could say that meeting
Nde no
I want it to change if it's already 7 o'clock now, though-
It was a mistake
Stock price
It is cheap
but
So when does this person wake up
Oh well
Yes
Well Well twice in to the bottom would have been remodeled when
Not say that
Zodiac signs and fossils are donated too
road
Even if Aizu Ichigo gorge gathers the site, it is quite
Something 22 days a bar Best Harvest Festival
It seems
Let's taste the autumn harvest together
Somewhere elaborate Well maybe yesterday Nde that
I do not know the view
It's not scolded this
Maa such feeling ã‡ Maa
Big
Zubo
I did not see the table sisters still rebuilding or sweating in the construction midway architecture
I wonder if this is oh well end with the Well but still less than 10 minutes
I changed the art village Melo
no it does not need particularly
Oh yeah
I think I understand if you ask me well
I do not say in particular
Such monka school
Visiting Korea
Small building in the same building
Red tree
Disappear
This is far
Medical association such as news reports
Yeah
The thief stomachache book door too high
Hanayama Joel or something like that was not for sale
It has been renovated Te has been modified considerably it is doing good child remodeling
There is no special use for the raccoon housing .
Well
This time
May I be in trouble
It was Yes Well Well less than 10 minutes
Oh
head
Nakano Ward said
Throat learning
So it was the 10-minute Guntersville but I will suggest to far this time
So Nobetsubu shopping and E'tomorrow is kana convenience store convenience store
As we think that it is good to become a convenience store
Until then
Good
Please wait
In addition I I'd be integrated tomorrow
I think it's a convenience store or a combination
It is a bean grain convenience store
And the name is
We have large remodeling the second floor of the room of the room to the second floor after in
Well then thank you for watching